yeah that I drop a lambo gotta lotta
money i'm sexy go home what did a blue
mouth finally I'm bringing you what
you've been wanting to see for probably
all year long I'm finally showing you my
lineup on madden ultimate team as you
see I still have that 99 mike vick in
the lineup but hey i'm still gonna give
him away i'm still gonna give him away I
do have Randall Cunningham backing him
up so I'll be good man I feel like seven
touchdowns in a game with him another
six touchdowns in another game with
Randall Cunningham I was going
Cunningham with Randall you know it
admit that dude is about please but i do
like cunningham even though i do like
mike vick but I'm not as good with the
left-handed quarterback as I am with the
right-handed quarterback I know it's
kind of weird but you know when you run
certain routes when you roll out and
stuff like that it's a lot different
when you have a lefty so I am better
with that rental Cunningham as you see
right there i was putting him back in
the lineup i did have him I don't know I
had him out of the lineup for some
reason I was tripping but I put him as
my second quarter back cuz i was getting
a few more games in with my man Mike
Vick enough I had to use that dude a
little bit just before I gave him away
but I'm gonna have some more cards like
I said to give away look at my speed I
need some more speed at wide receiver
though I want that Calvin Johnson
someone gotta hook me up man hit me up
hey but I do like that speed at where I
receiver you know I run that five why he
wouldn't read phone at five when he
wasn't ready fo five he wasn't ready fo
dat five why I normally run five wide so
i need those receivers out there i go
deep into that depth chart with those
receivers so anyway like I was saying
what was I saying I want even though I'm
just running my mouth right now as you
look at my lineup so you see I am my
team is what a 96 so we are pretty good
and I pretty much built my team from the
ground up you know putting together
players that I think will be good in the
QJ base system you know I like to run
out high octane non-stop action-packed
all offense try to put up 50
game that's what I do but oh yeah I
remember what I was saying I'm gonna do
some more giveaways I'm gonna try to get
some more you know higher rated players
to give to you guys even if you do have
a real good team you can still enter
those giveaways I don't care who wins
I'm gonna be fair in every single
giveaway and I am gonna do some on ps4
hopefully I know my people over on the
sony are mad at me I know y'all are mad
at me for doing this mike vick giveaway
on the xbox one but i'm gonna have some
on ps4 and i can't forget about my 360
and ps3 folks i'm gonna try to do
something special for y'all especially
when the new especially when the newer
games start coming out maybe i'll buy
some of those and give them away i'm
gonna be doing some live stream stuff
and have y'all interact with me maybe
I'll do some giveaways during the live
stream what do you think you think
that'll be a good idea I think so you
did have to answer that question so
here's some of my the players i
collected i collected sean taylor this
is also a good way to acquire real good
talent on your team i'm telling you even
if you don't want to keep the player you
can always sell them most of the time
these players go for over a hundred
thousand coins so you can get some good
coinage and you can end up buying what
you want when you do actually get these
guys in the collection and actually sell
them on the auction block so like I said
this is another good way to build up
your team doing those collections and
they are there always add a new
collection so say you know if I have
this brian dawkins that i'm showing
right there you know the new brian
dawkins came out and what he has like 10
to hit power so when the new one always
comes out the one before that gets
cheaper and easier to get so keep that
in mind when you are going about getting
doing those collections whenever
something new comes out some of the
other ones will be cheaper so you can
still end up with like a 98 rated 499
player without having to spend a lot of
coins in the auction block or having to
buy a lot of packs hoping that you pull
one of those collectibles you know how
to make so anyway keep that in mind I'll
keep you updated I'm going to let you
want that Mike big card hopefully in the
next month video and as always oh I do
use the philly playbook as all fence I
know a lot of people want to know that